Fix broken links (#2548)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/performance/index-configuration.adoc

Cypher's query planner decides which of the available indexes to use.

The rest of this page provides information on the available indexes and their configuration aspects.

> For further details on creating, querying, and dropping indexes, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/indexes/search-performance-indexes/[Cypher Manual -> Indexes for search performance] and link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/indexes/semantic-indexes/full-text-indexes/[Cypher Manual -> Indexes to support full-text search].

Reviewer: Maybe?
Or just, see the Cypher Manual -> Indexes.
```suggestion
For further details on creating, querying, and dropping indexes, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/indexes/search-performance-indexes/[Cypher Manual -> Indexes for search performance], link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/indexes/semantic-indexes/full-text-indexes/[Full-text indexes],  and  link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/indexes/semantic-indexes/vector-indexes/[Vector indexes].
```
